# PlaceScan
Python code for interacting with scan data produced by [PALab/place](https://github.com/PALab/place).

# About PlaceScan
The code provided in this repository is designed to provide interaction with laboratory data acquired using PLACE: Python package for Laboratory Automation, Control, and Experimentation (see [PALab/place](https://github.com/PALab/place)). The PlaceScan Python object is created with the config.json and scan_data.npy files generated by each PLACE scan. Several modules support the main PlaceScan class and provide routines for plotting, re-orgainising, and arrival time picking, etc.

The modular design of the code, centred around the PlaceScan object, provides a convenient way to construct a workflow from simple scripts which perform individual tasks. These simple "control scripts" are short files which first initialise the PlaceScan object, and then call one or more object methods in a few lines to process or display the data.

# Download

To download, clone the git repository by typing in a terminal:

```
$ git clone https://github.com/jsimpsonUoA/PlaceScan.git
```

# Installation

placescan is installed as a Python module, so that it can be imported like any other library. Once downloaded, run the setup.py script in the PlaceScan directory by typing in a terminal:

```
$ python setup.py develop
```

After this, you should be able to import placescan into a Python script using:

```
from placescan.main import PlaceScan
```

A simple plotting example is provided, along with example data. The code has extensive documentation for all functions within main.py and the auxilliary scripts.

# Note on DTW Module

The dynamic time warping (DTW) picking routines within PlaceScan rely on the Dynamic Time Warping module written by Paul Freeman and available at [paul-freeman/dtw](https://github.com/paul-freeman/dtw). I have modified this algorithm slightly to accommodate a cost parameter, so I have included the package with PlaceScan. However, dtw is a standalone Python module and needs to be built using the instructions within the dtw/ folder before it can be used with PlaceScan.

# Contact
__Author:__ Jonathan Simpson, jsimpsonUoA

__Email:__ jsim921@aucklanduni.ac.nz

2019 Master of science in geophysics, Physical Acoustics Lab,
The Universtiy of Auckland, New Zealand
